Docs: Updates documentation and examples for Highlight (#23830)
storybookjs/storybook: code/addons/highlight/README.md

> 

Reviewer: Many of the suggestions made here also apply to `highlight.md`, as the content is near identical.

Use it to call attention to particular parts of the story. Or use it to enhance other addons that you might be building. For example, [Accessibility](https://storybook.js.org/addons/@storybook/addon-a11y/) addon uses it to highlight DOM nodes that are failing accessibility checks.

![Story with highlight](./docs/highlight.png)

## Usage

This addon requires Storybook 6.5 or later. Highlight is part of [essentials](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/essentials/introduction) and so is installed in all new Storybooks by default. If you need to add it to your Storybook, you can run the following command:

yarn:

```sh
yarn add --dev @storybook/addon-highlight
```

npm:

```sh

> npm install --save-dev @storybook/addon-highlight --save-dev

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm install --save-dev @storybook/addon-highlight
```

```

pnpm:

```sh
pnpm add --save-dev @storybook/addon-highlight
```

Add `"@storybook/addon-highlight"` to the addons array in your `.storybook/main.js|ts`:

```ts
// .storybook/main.ts

// Replace your-framework with the framework you are using (e.g., react-webpack5, vue3-vite)
import type { StorybookConfig } from '@storybook/your-framework';

const config: StorybookConfig = {
  addons: ['@storybook/addon-highlight'],
};

export default config;
```

### Highlighting DOM Elements

> Highlight DOM nodes by emitting the `HIGHLIGHT` event from within a story or an addon. The event payload must contain a list of selectors you want to highlight.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Highlight DOM nodes by emitting the `HIGHLIGHT` event from within a story or an addon. The event payload must contain an `elements` property assigned to an array of selectors matching the elements you want to highlight.
```

> Highlight DOM nodes by emitting the `HIGHLIGHT` event from within a story or an addon. The event payload must contain a list of selectors you want to highlight.

Reviewer: Do you think we need to call out that this could be applied at the component (meta) or project (preview) level, too?

Author: I would much rather leave it contained within a story, and with that, you reminded me of something that I was almost forgetting. What should be called out is for our users to be judicious about the elements they want to highlight, as other addons (e.g., docs) may show them, as well as shown here:

![CleanShot 2023-08-14 at 23 22 36](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/assets/22988955/f775701f-50ca-465b-804d-6da85c12aa7e)

Reviewer: OK. We'll just let the fact that its applied via a decorator imply that it follows that pattern.

Good call on mentioning that gotcha!

```ts
// MyComponent.stories.ts

import type { Meta, StoryObj } from '@storybook/react';

import { useChannel } from '@storybook/preview-api';

import { HIGHLIGHT } from '@storybook/addon-highlight';

> import { MyComponent } from './MyComponent';

Reviewer: In snippets, we've been using newlines between Storybook packages group, non-SB packages group, and relative imports group. So, this would be:

```ts
import type { Meta, StoryObj } from '@storybook/react';
import { useChannel } from '@storybook/preview-api';
import { HIGHLIGHT } from '@storybook/addon-highlight';

import { MyComponent } from './MyComponent';
```

Reviewer: This comment applies throughout this PR.

const meta: Meta<typeof MyComponent> = {
  component: MyComponent,
};

export default meta;
type Story = StoryObj<typeof MyComponent>;

export const Highlighted: Story = {

>   decorators: [

Reviewer: A `render` function would be a more direct translation from CSF 2 → 3. Wdyt?

Reviewer: Nevermind. The actual docs snippets use decorators, so let's stick with that. Thanks for making it consistent!

type Story = StoryObj<typeof MyComponent>;

export const ResetHighlight: Story = {
  decorators: [
    (storyFn) => {
      const emit = useChannel({});
      emit(RESET_HIGHLIGHT); //👈 Remove previously highlighted elements
      emit(HIGHLIGHT, {
        elements: ['header', 'section', 'footer'],
      });
      return storyFn();
    },
  ],
};
```

### Customize style

The addon applies a standard style to the highlighted elements you've enabled for the story. However, you can enable your custom style by extending the configuration object and providing a `color` and `style` option. For example:

```ts
// MyComponent.stories.ts

import type { Meta, StoryObj } from '@storybook/react';

import { useChannel } from '@storybook/preview-api';

import { HIGHLIGHT } from '@storybook/addon-highlight';

import { MyComponent } from './MyComponent';

const meta: Meta<typeof MyComponent> = {
  component: MyComponent,
};

export default meta;
type Story = StoryObj<typeof MyComponent>;

export const StyledHighlight: Story = {
  decorators: [
    (storyFn) => {
      const emit = useChannel({});
      emit(HIGHLIGHT, {
        elements: ['.title', '.subtitle'],
        color: 'red',

>         style: 'solid', // 'dotted' | 'dashed' | 'solid' | 'double'

Reviewer: I much prefer this more concise comment vs the longer one used in the docs snippets.

Author: I can work with that, I went with the style we've used in other examples in the documentation.
